## Background

MP3 players with simple user interfaces (i.e. hardly any user interface at all, only the ability to change volume and advance or go back by one song) behave rather oddly when it comes to deciding what order to play songs in; the order they decide to play songs in seems random at times, but upon turning them off and on, they do repeat their song order. 

This collection of programs was written for the purpose of organizing a storage device (usually an sd card, but it may be a flash drive, hard drive, or other device capable that a simple MP3 player is capable of reading data from) such that the order in which songs will be played depends on their location on the storage device. Moreover, the shuffle.c algorithm gives a user the ability to shuffle the songs, so that they don't have to listen to them in the same order every time they use their MP3 player. These programs mainly take advantage of the fact that simple MP3 players will play songs in outer folders first, and work their way in. 

## Program Explanations

### mkFolders.c

This program creates 10 folders which each contain 50 folders. Unfortunately, the windows command line has a limit on how long a path name can be, so one couldn't just make a folder with many subfolders. The idea with this program is that the user will determine what order the folders on the root of the device will play, and name them 1-10 depending on their play order. 

### CreateOrderList.c

Given a text file with a list of song titles, this program create another text file with the song titles, as well as the name of the folder that each song should go into

### PlaceInOrder.c

Granted that the songs are on the root of the storage device, this program puts each song in the folder specified by the text file generated in CreateOrderList.c

### Shuffle.c

This program puts the songs back on the root of the storage device from the nested folders they were in, and rewrites the order list generated by CreateOrderList.c, such that they are shuffled in according to a bijective pseudorandom algorithm of my own invention. The idea with this is that after shuffling, a uer may add or remove songs and run CreateOrderList.c and PlaceInOrder.c again, or simply run PLaceInOrder.c after running Shuffle.c

